
[Methodology](./methodology.html)                       [Demo](./demo.html)                        [About Us](./about-us.html)

# Introduction 
Over the past fifty years, the advent of service workers has grown more and more popular. In the United States specifically, tipping culture has increased and proven to be a steady flow of income for service workers. With the growing decentralization of society, it is imperative that a decentralized solution to migrate service workers’ workflows exists. To provide a platform for automated tipping as well as monitoring job performance for service workers, we created Servicechain.io an application that will allow consumers to rate and tip service workers which are automatically stored on a blockchain so employers can identify and verify service workers' performance in a transparent and equitable manner. With a transparent and equitable blockchain specifically tailored for service workers, we envision a world in which an employee’s reputation and credibility can be derived from these transparent chains. In order to further the utility of the application, we also added the ability for service workers to log their hours using Servicechain.io. With these hours automatically stored on the Servicechain, we also imagine that work experience can immediately be verified for the sake of experience validation when workers apply for other jobs. Although these services can all be easily attained currently within a centralized paradigm (through a mix of applications such as Square (tipping and payment), Yelp (rating), and Paycom (hours logging)), Servicechain uniquely decentralizes these various services through the use of smart contracts. Mixing together smart contracts (transaction protocols on the blockchain) with a React based front end, we aim to bridge together these various services and bring decentralization to the service industry. 

